Let's go ahead and see and add these two button save and cancel.
This is the power of code reuse, as you will see.
So the bottom half to the third lambda there, I'm going to add buttons, so I'm going to put in a row.
And add a modifier.
They're padding the top about six deep.
And let's add a horizontal arrangement, I say space around.
Now I'm going to add these two buttons.
Remember, we are going to reuse some code that we've done before.
We're going to call the rounded button.
So if you come how down here and say rounded button looks like.
Right?
So if you say rounded button like such, you'll see that we can actually go there.
This is in our components.
We have this smart button which allows us to pass the label radios and so forth.
So they were go code usability.
That's really great.
To put label, I'm going to say save
and what I'm going to do.
I'm going to put the trailing lamp right there.
This is where we're going to pass the on click event.
So what is I want to do?
Well, here we want to save this book to the Fire Store database.
Well, first of all, let's say Val CDB and when instantiated, Firebase Firestorm get instance such.
OK.
Now we're going to get back to that.
Let me create another add another button real quick, so we have both of them.
So row, we have that button.
We're going to add a spacer here to be about twenty five dpi to keep that nice space and put another
rounded button and this one for the label, I'm going to say cancel.
So when we cancel, I'm just going to say nav controller.
All right.
Pop back like this.
So here I'm actually going to call a function which we haven't created yet, save to Firebase.
So all I will have to do here is pass a book.
OK, let's go ahead and create that.
This book is going to be M Book.
You may remember M Book for before, but we're going to get to that.
All right.
So if that's the case, let's just go ahead and cut this.
Something like that.
And here was, say, several.
Look, it's going to be a book like that.
I'm going to say my book and we will instantiate the book.
Now let's go to and look and see what's the situation there.
Well, we did this a little while ago and we added a few properties here in our constructor, but we
need to change a few things, actually.
So we were able to save a full book into our fireplace database.
Let's add other fields here.
OK.
OK, so I'm going to pause the video and add all the fields, and then we will continue.
OK, there we go.
We have all the fields that we need.
There's one thing that we need to talk about here because the way things are structured in our back
end, going back to our cloud fire store, we are obviously going to create yet another collection here
called Books.
Right.
That was going to happen when we save the first book.
And if you look at the structure of all of our properties that we're passing you, you'll notice that
we have a few things here.
The user I.D..
Now, the reason why we were passing a user I.D. into our book is because we want to make sure that
each book that is added is connected to a user already.
So if I'm Paolo, I'm adding a book.
I want to save that book and add a user ID miserly that way way easier for me to later filter through
all the books that may be in our book books database and just get my books.
So that's why we're adding the user ID of the current user that is signing.
And you also notice that we have this Google Book ID here.
So it's always nice to add it that Google Book ID because we may need to look up that book.
Those are two things that you were seeing there.
But also we have this started reading time stamp.
If you have a over is going to see this, this is actually a Google Firebase timestamp.
OK says here a timestamp represents a point in time independent of any time zone or calendar.
This is good because we want to extrapolate the actual time of the day or time in this case that this
person started reading it independent of where they are reading it from, or which computer time stamp
and so forth.
So this is a spatial timestamp we're going to be adding into our database as well.
But then there's another problem here.
If we were to use this book and to our readers here, create right instantiate, create all the fields
and add them and try to save to our database, right?
We're going to have a problem.
Reason being is if you look at how the fields are structured in our in the back end here in our database
finder store, you'll see that we for each field, we have these avatar underscoring or else this is
the way you should always structure your fields, which means every time you have two words in a field,
they should be separated by underscore that's just best practices.
If you look at any book, you will see that these fields, these properties, well, they look different
because we are using this will be URL.
There was a problem there.
So because they were using a convention that we use in codling right sort of camel case and so forth,
but we don't want that.
We want to make sure that, for instance, this published date.
When it goes to be saved, you know, a database should be something like this published underscore
date.
So how do we force this book to actually when it's ready to be saved to instead of having to fill to
publish data such we have something like this in order to do that.
We'll have to add getters and setters for our property name.
Now this is the solution that I found because it was very difficult to figure out how to get this to
work.
And this is what is working as a recording of this video.
So what do you need to do, for instance?
First of all, I know that ID and title all the properties that have just single name, they don't need
to have their proper name changed, right?
Because it's just one single name.
So it was just a show like this, the quote profession, so forth.
So let's start with our full photo URL.
So what you will have to do, you have to follow the say at get adaptation as such and then going to
a property name.
Notice now it's showing property name and it's Google Firebase property.
They're very important.
And then here I'm going to pass the value that I want to be saved as it's in this case, it's going
to be what?
Well, I can even be more specific.
I can say, I want this to be something like book underscore, photo your LSH, and then I'll have to
do the same thing by saying, set again.
Property name.
Do the same thing as you see here.
Book photo the URL.
So I have to pass to get and center properties to change these names when we're saving this data onto
Firebase database.
Very good.
So I'm going to do the same thing for all the others that need to categorize as a need that actually
so I can just go like this.
So just copy that.
And in this case, our published date, I'm just going to say publish.
Date.
Such.
And I will do for the others, so you don't have to watch me do this.
OK, so they're all done, so make sure you have all that set up.
All of the the ones that have to boards like isn't easy.
This is how they want to be saved.
All right.
Very good.
Now the other thing also, we need to do you notice that I said earlier, if you remember in a while,
whenever we see we save something or create a collection and we save something each.
Something this case is going to be a document each one has it given ID, which means when we're saving
this main book, we don't need to pass the ID name or I.D. of any kind because that is done already
by Firebase.
So how do we exclude this ID to be read or to be set when we pass values, when we pass this object?
Well, all you do is say that again, exclude voila, there is that keyword again.
Exclude annotation and it's from Google Firebase Story, which is very convenient and reassuring.
And I can say exclude.
This far, I'd still like that, so I can put that in one line so that it's more readable.
OK, so now this will be excluded because the aid will still be there, but it will know that it's going
to be decided here.
So we don't need to pass that ID when we are saving this book.
Very good.
So now we have a complete end book, right?
And I changed this to M Book because if you look back at our project, if you go to models, you will
see that we have this.
Let's see.
Yeah, we do have this book a class that we we looked at earlier, right?
So we actually don't quite use it, but we have that class, which in this case, we have items, kind
total items and so forth.
So we're not going to even use that.
But I do want to have to have a contrast in this with these two classes.
So that's why I said in my book.
OK, very good.
So now that we have an ebook going back to our book detail screen, we're going to be able to construct
that book by passing all of the fields right and then be able to pass to save to Firebase and save that
information, which we are going to be doing in the next video.